# Li-Fi-system
Li-Fi (Light Fidelity) is a wireless communication technology that uses visible light to transmit data. It is a relatively new technology that has the potential to revolutionize the way we communicate wirelessly, as it can provide higher speeds and a more secure connection than traditional Wi-Fi. Overall, designing and developing a Li-Fi transceiver system requires a combination of hardware and software skills, as well as a thorough understanding of wireless communication principles. An application of LIFI system was carried out in the following manner: A text message was generated by taking initials of all group members name which was converted into binary form by utilizing an ADC. Special mechanism for transferring these generated bits into encoded light was developed through a Laptop Screen. Phyphox was used to detect the unique intensity of each different shade in the video. The respective options chosen on phyphox were “light” and “optical stop watch”. Two tests were carried out for each option at a distance of 10cm and 20 cm respectively. This resulted in a lux reading to be generated. It was surprising to see the lux reading being quite similar under both options on phyphox (i.e This can be clearly seen from the graphic illustrations too ). Later on, the raw lux data from the cell phone was sent to be assembled in an excel file. A transducer was developed to convert this lux reading data set into binary bits which were then converted back to text by implementing a DAC. 
